---
title: Demo playback
---

## CS2 demo playback doesn't start or crashes

1. Steam must be running without admin rights.
2. The demo's path must contains only [Basic Latin characters](<https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basic_Latin_(Unicode_block)>).
   Counter-Strike can't play demos with non-Basic Latin characters in the path.  
   The solution is to move your demos in a folder with only Basic Latin characters in its path.
3. Close any anticheat software (FaceIt, ESEA, etc.).
4. CS2 updates may break playback for demos generated from previous CS2 versions, leading to playback not starting or the game crashing.  
   To detect if it's a CS2 or CS:DM issue, you should try to play the demo **from the game rather than CS:DM** and check if the playback starts **and** the game doesn't crash during the playback (it can happen).  
   If it doesn't work in the game either, that's probably because the demo was recorded with an older CS2 version and is incompatible with the latest version.  
   Valve sometimes creates a "_branch_" (available from the game properties in Steam) to allow playing on a previous game version.  
   As a last resort, you can try to find a compatible CS2 branch by selecting it from the CS2 properties in Steam and then try to play the demo again.  
   CS:DM starts the currently installed version of CS2 so if it doesn't work in the game, it won't work in CS:DM either.  
   If the issue happens only when playing the demo from CS:DM, please create a [new issue](https://github.com/akiver/cs-demo-manager/issues/new).

## Counter-Strike executable not found

It can happen if you have multiple drives on Steam (where games are installed) and CS installed or _partially_ installed
on different drives. It has been reported [here](https://github.com/akiver/cs-demo-manager/issues/648).

1. Right-click on **CS2** in your Steam library, go to **Manage** and click on **Browse local files**.
2. Note the path where CS is installed (example: `D:\games\steamapps\common\Counter-Strike Global Offensive`).
3. Open the Steam settings and go to the **Storage** tab.
4. For each drive except the one where CS is installed, check if a folder `steamapps\common\Counter-Strike Global Offensive` exists and delete it.

Example:

- You have 4 Steam drives `D:\`, `E:\`, `F:\` and `G:\`
- CS is installed on `D:\games\steamapps\common\Counter-Strike Global Offensive`
- The `G:\` drive contains a `G:\steamapps\common\Counter-Strike Global Offensive` folder
- You have to delete the `G:\steamapps\common\Counter-Strike Global Offensive` folder

:::warning
On **Linux** this can happen if Steam has been installed using [Flatpak](https://flatpak.org/).  
It's not supported yet, so please install Steam using the native installer.
:::

## Watching CSGO demos

In order to watch **CSGO** demos, you have to select the **csgo_legacy** branch.  
To do so, follow these steps:

1. Right click on **CS2** in your Steam library and click on **Properties**.
2. Go to the **Betas** tab.
3. Select **csgo_legacy** from the dropdown menu.
4. Close the window and wait for the game to be updated.
5. You can now watch CSGO and CS2 demos from the application

:::tip
You can watch both CSGO and CS2 demos from CS:DM when the **csgo_legacy** beta is selected while keeping CS2 up to date.
:::

## What are JSON files next to my demo?

JSON files are generated by CS:DM when starting a demo playback to control the playback (camera focus, fast forward, etc.).
Those files should be deleted automatically when the game is closed and can also be safely deleted manually.  
You can find more details about it in this [documentation](/docs/development/cs-server-plugin).
