### \[GENERAL\]

- Added ability to export/import custom data.
- Added de_train (heatmap / overview).
- Various fix bug.

### \[OVERVIEW\]

- Added "Overview" feature that allow to watch rounds on an animated map overview.

### \[HEATMAP\]

- Heatmap system has been re-written to reduce dependencies and avoid possible crash for some users.
- Added more options to heatmap generation (side, round, player, opacity).

### \[ANALYZE\]

- Added CEVO demos support.
- Added FaceIt source.
- Demos which has failed during analyze are now marked as "not analyzable" and are filterable.
- Added HLTV rating system (players are sorted by rating on scoreboard).
- Removed unnecessary data from serialization (less memory used).
- Fixed analyze on recent eBot demos.
- Improved demo's source detection.

### \[STATS\]

- Added an option to show only user's stats.

### \[UI\]

- Added options to hide/show columns.
- Added comment below demos list.
- Added demos status (to watch / watched) legend below demos list.
- Added ability to sort demos by date / source.
- Added ability to navigate through app with mouse4/mouse5 buttons.
- While analyzing several demos, if one or more failed, the list of demos that have failed is displayed at the end of analyze.
- Added comment, status (win/lose/draw), duration, clutch count and framerate columns.
- Improved UI on low resolutions.
- Added an option to display date in European format (dd/mm/yyyy).
- Scores on scoreboard are now colored and more readable.
- Headshot column is now on 2 columns (headshot number and headshot %).
- Added an errors log file (You can navigate to it from settings).
- A message is now displayed if the user didn't set his SteamID and try to use a functionality that required it.
- Fixed selected row lost focus when navigate through app.
- Fixed buttons state didn't update sometimes.

### \[SUSPECTS\]

- Added game ban detection (Overwatch ban).
- Added ability to add all players from demos to suspects list.
- Added ability to add all players seen to suspects list.
- Suspects feature is now disabled when there is no Internet connection (avoid popup errors).
