### \[ANALYZE\]

<p class="has-text-danger">
    ESEA pug system may corrupt demos due to improper GOTV stop recording on server side. This issue may be
    solved by ESEA only, a message is now display in this case.
</p>

- Demos analyze has been reworked which include:
- Better pause / timeout handling with Valve demos (Atlanta 2017).
- Better overtimes detection.
- Fixed various bugs.
- Improved demos source detection.

### \[MOVIEMAKER\]

- [HLAE](https://github.com/advancedfx/advancedfx) integration has been reworked, you don't have to wait for new CSGO Demo Manager releases to update HLAE used by the application. When enabling HLAE, you will be invited to download and install it automatically. When a new HLAE update is available a popup to download it is displayed at application startup (only if HLAE has been enabled).
- Added option to use the "Movie making config parent folder" HLAE option.

### \[TRANSLATION\]

- Fixed missing translation files.
- Added German and Polish languages.

### \[SHARECODE\]

- Added ability to send multiple share code to third parties app.
- Added ability to download demos from share code.
- Fixed possible missing last share code character.

### \[UI\]

- Added a button to show all demos.
- Added ability to change demo's source from demo's details view.
- Added vertical lines on lists.
- Added columns CT and T team's name in rounds list.
- Added color on columns related to teams side on rounds list.
- Fixed account data filter not really applying on account selection.
- Fixed sOME typos.

### \[GENERAL\]

- Added an option to change how many demos are displayed in the main demos list.
- Fixed possible crash on player's details view.
- Fixed possible crash when Steam is not installed.
- Fixed possible crash on startup when no Internet connexion detected.

### \[STATS\]

- Added average RWS and clutches stats on overall view.
- Added shots / hits and accuracy on players details and rounds list.

### \[WATCH\]

- A message is now displayed if the current focused account is not in the demo that you are trying to watch highlights or lowlights.
- VDM files are now automatically removed when CSGO is closed.

### \[EXPORT\]

- Added "Kills" sheet.
- Added "Kill matrix" sheet on single and multiple demos export.
- Fixed KPD displayed instead of KPR in "Players" sheet.

### \[MISC\]

- Added a BOT flag on kill event (for killer / victim and assister) in JSON export.
- Missing round number on flashbang exploded event in JSON export.
