<p class="has-text-danger">Due to <a href="https://github.com/advancedfx/advancedfx" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">HLAE</a> integration, the x64 version is not available anymore. If you installed a previous x64 version, please uninstall it to avoid conflicts.</p>

<p class="has-text-warning">You will have to re-add your custom folders if you had.</p>

### \[GENERAL\]

- Added moviemaker mode (Half-Life Advanced Effects integration).
- Added ability to use multiple accounts.
- Added ability to remove demos.
- Added PopFlash demos source.

### \[UI\]

- Added last rank detected picture of the selected account on main view.
- Added avatar, rank, ban (VAC/OW) on scoreboard.
- Buttons bar has been re-organized.
- Added scroll bar on details view for low resolution.
- Added ability to hide/show demo info (left side) on details view.
- Added map image preview on details view.
- Banned players are highlighted in red on the scoreboard.
- Added browse button on main view.
- Tweaked open/entry kills view to gain visibility.

### \[STATS\]

- Added dedicated stats section for current user account.
- Added overall stats.
- Added rank graph evolution.
- Added weapons stats.
- Added maps stats.

### \[DAMAGES\]

- Added a section that display damages value and repartition (hitboxes). Work only with demos created after the 30/06/2015 CSGO update.

### \[ANALYZE\]

- Added KPR (Kill Per Round), APR (Assist Per Round) and DPR (Death Per Round) stats.
- Added round type (eco / semi-eco / force buy / normal). Not 100% accurate.
- Improved equipment teams value detection.
- Improved eBot and new FaceIt demos analysis.
- Fixed wrong tick rounds detection.
- Fixed possible demo not found.
- Better POV demos detection.
- Fixed crash when a folder contains a corrupted demos.
- Removed ability to use features not working with POV demos.
- Various bugfixes.

### \[SUSPECTS\]

- Added a button to display demos within the suspect played.
- Added a filter to show only banned suspects.

### \[WATCH\]

- Added ability to use custom launch parameters.
- CSGO is now re-launched when you click on "watch" while the game is running.
- Fixed watch buttons disabled when Steam is installed on multiple HDD.
- Fixed -novid parameter ignored.

### \[OVERVIEW\]

- Added bomber on overview animation

### \[EXCEL\]

- Updated data.
