### \[ANALYZE\]

- Fixed weapons detection with demos after the 12/09/2015 update.
- Added R8 Revolver.
- Added jump / crouch kill detection.
- Multiple demos analyze is now parallel.
- Analyze is now cancellable on home view.
- Surrendered game are now detected and flagged as "Win (S)" or "Lost (S)" if a account is selected.
- Fixed overtimes detection on eBot / Faceit demos.
- Various fixes.

### \[ROUND\]

- Added round view. It displays kills / players information and a timeline for a specific round. You can watch a particular kill but ATM you will have to focus on the player when the demo has started (It starts some seconds before the kill occurred).

### \[UI\]

- All tables has been redesigned to be more nice and "modern".
- Buttons text are now more visible.
- Added jump / crouch kill column on home and details view.
- Loading messages are more consistent on home view
- Fixed damages stats not updated on UI.
- Added "show player demos" from scoreboard.
- Added F5 keyboard shortcut to refresh demos.
- Minor fixes.

### \[FLASHBANG\]

- Added flashbang stats view. Credits go to [PascalTheAnalyst](https://www.reddit.com/user/PascalTheAnalyst) for its analyze idea and its tool [FlashReport](https://www.reddit.com/r/GlobalOffensive/comments/2vrkgj/flashbang_statistics/). This view allows you to see how long a player / team flashed an other player / team and how many flashbangs have been throwed.

### \[EXCEL\]

- Added multiple Excel export. When you select several demos, you can now select between "single" or "mutiple". If you select "multiple", it will export demo's data into a single file for each demo that you selected. If you select "single", data from demos selected will be merged into a single file.
- Added more stats (flashbang, smoke, jump kill...).
- Demo analyze is started before exporting if it's required.

### \[STATS\]

- Added option accessible from settings to use only data of demos in the selected folder.
- Added ADR (Average Damages per Round) on overall stats.
- Progression stats are now weekly instead of monthly.
- Added kill velocity graph that display your average velocity when you killed someone by weapon group.
- Added crouch kill graph that display your kill % when you was ducking.

### \[KILLS\]

- Added kills matrix that allow you to see how many times a player killed an other player.

### \[HEATMAP\]

- Added death event (it allow you to see where you are dead).

### \[OVERVIEW\]

- Added option to log only kills.

### \[SUSPECT\]

- Added "go to suspect demos" from right click.

### \[CACHE\]

- Display cache size on settings (Due to new stats, 1 demo data file takes about 1.5MB on your HDD).
- Added ability to remove demos data from cache.

### \[MOVIEMAKER\]

- Updated HLAE to 2.6.7.1.
