### \[GENERAL\]

- Improved strartup time.
- Reduced memory usage.
- Last rank detection is now faster (may be slow the first time).

### \[STUFF\]

- Added stuffs finder feature. It allows you to see quickly from a map overview all stuffs thrown during a match. You can watch it by clicking on the watch button (you have to focus on the player when the demo has started).

### \[ANALYZE\]

- Added trade kills / trade deaths detection. A trade kill is when the killer revenged a teammate within the next 4 seconds following his teammate death. A trade death is when the player killed is revenged maximum 4 seconds after its death. Example: Gary is killed by Gunner. 2 seconds after Gunner is killed by Zed. Gary got 1 trade death and Zed 1 trade kill.
- Fixed wrong winner team with some eBot demos.
- Fixed possible last round missing with Valve demos.
- Fixed players score and X kills not updated at the last round with Valve demos.
- Fixed wrong kills calculation related to BOT with MM demos.
- Overwatch file (myassignedcase.dem) is now ignored.

### \[HEATMAP\]

- More granular selection. You are now able to select any round(s), player(s) and side(s).
- Added operation wildfire maps support.

### \[STATS\]

- Added ability to focus stats on a date range. Start / End dates are available from settings and can be changed at any time.
- Added HLTV rating on overall view.
- Fixed wrong HE grenade stats.
- Fixed missing Tec-9 stats.

### \[EXPORT\]

- Added ability to export data for a specific account. If an account is selected or if a player is selected from the demo details view, the export will focus on this player. A popup is displayed before exporting to remind the user that he is going to export for a specific player.
- Added rounds sheet on multiple export.
- Added trade kills, trade deaths and ticks columns.
- Fixed possible crash with some demos.
- Fixed wrong headshot %.

### \[UI\]

- Demos list has now a "pagination" system. It displays 50 demos at first then 50 more when you click on the button "Show more demos". When you select all demos and click on analyze, a dialog will ask you if you want to analyze only the selection or the whole current folder.
- All columns are now sortable.
- Added "Copy playdemo command" to demos list context menu. Useful to avoid lags with FaceIt demos started automatically.
- Added operation wildfire maps preview.
- Added HLTV rating column on demos list when an account is selected.
- Added "ticks" column on demos list.
- Improved combobox colors.
- Folder selection is now disabled while analyzing.
- Fixed missing loading messages not displayed.
- KPR / DPR are now 2 distinct columns on demos list.

### \[OVERVIEW\]

- Fixed HE Grenades not drawn.

### \[MOVIEMAKER\]

- Updated HLAE to 2.9.2.1.
