### \[UI\]

- You can now navigate between demos from demo's details view.
- Added checkbox to show demos only for the selected account. A message is displayed if no demos are found for the selected account and the current folder (if there is one).
- Added app icon to the title bar.
- Demos list now display the number of clutches won instead of total clutches.
- "Won status" column is now hidden when no account is selected on demos list.
- Tweaked suspect / player row aspect to be more readable.
- Added search bar to suspects and whitelist view.
- Fixed "Watch player" context menu not working.

### \[SUSPECT\]

- Added suspects BOT.  
   The bot is a small windowless application, accessible from the systray that check if new suspects have been banned.
  It's an independent application so you can run it without CSGO Demos Manager. By default the bot start with CSGO Demos Manager and is still running when the app is closed but you can change it from settings. More options are available by right clicking on the systray icon.
- Suspects list is now ordered by DSLB (days since last ban).
- Tweaked suspects / whitelist action bar.
- Suspect is now removed from suspects list when he is added to whitelist.
- Added "Move to whitelist" button.
- Better Steam API error handling.
- Added more keyboard shortcuts.

### \[GENERAL\]

- Added windows .dem files assocciation.  
  You can now open .dem file from Windows explorer. It will start CSGO Demos Manager and display the demo details view (you can watch the demo from it).

- Only one app instance launchable (manager and bot).
- Better offline support.

### \[DOWNLOAD\]

- Downloads are now cancellable.

### \[STUFF\]

- Added "get setpos command" button.  
  When you click on it, the result of the "getpos" console command is copied to your clipboard. This command give you the X, Y, Z and eyes angles positions. You just have to paste the command into your console to teleport you to the player's position when he thrown the stuff.

<p class="has-text-warning">Notes:</p>
<ul>
  <li class="has-text-warning">You have to set sv_cheats 1 on your server.</li>
  <li class="has-text-warning">
      If the player was too near of an object it can corrupt the position ingame.
    </li>
  <li class="has-text-warning">
      If the player was moving while throwing the stuff, you will not have the same result.
  </li>
</ul>

### \[ANALYZE\]

- Improved demos source detection.
- Fixed 1st round detected as 2nd round with some CEVO demos.

### \[STATS\]

- Added graph scaling (day /month) on rank graph.

### \[MISC\]

- Added more fields to JSON export.
- Open sourced installer script.
